influencers point out problems with band
training and for the most part they're
correct one of the problems is there's
just not enough
tension you know at the top and this is
the most important position for strength
but if it's not relevant you know for
strength gain which should be a lot more
than what you normally lift uh that's a
problem but the bigger problem also or
other problem is here I'm at the bottom
you can see there there's no tension on
the band so this is an important
position the stretch position of the
muscle for triggering growth so you want
to make sure tension is on the muscle
now X3 was designed to solve both of
those problems and fortunately we have
the force bar now so you can see the
data you can see as I in in the
stretched position of the exercise so my
arms are lengthened it's about 100 lb so
I definitely have tension at the bottom
and as I come to the top where like 170
lbs now I'm going to do repetitions
until I can't get to the top this is
something we called diminishing range
and what it really is is length and
partial so once I can't get to the top I
shorten the repetitions so I'm just
doing
repetitions in the range of motion that
I can get to which puts extra emphasis
on the stretched portion of the movement
thereby guaranteeing much more growth